Chachidelix, this is again Tibetan New Year's, at the beginning of tomorrow, according to this part
of the world,
which is the Water Rabbit Year of the Tibetan Royal Era.
And I wish you all that days, from all around, happy, joy, peace, good health, every abundance of
all the goodness qualities,
really wish that, and no more wars, no more natural disasters happening anywhere else.
And everyone enjoys respecting the appreciation and the goodness of their inner qualities, and we
hear every one of these.
To support and to populate this wish, and I'd like to do some sprays to Gurga Venma Sambhu, and as
was Tara,
which is always known as the "bless of the degeneration time" of these eras.
So, for the first time in Gurga Sambhu, it's been a very long time since Gurga Sambhu was born.
But it's been a very long time since Gurga Sambhu has been born.
So, it's been a very long time since Gurga Sambhu has been born.
Thank you, best wishes.